   My website nails divine meets the specification of user interactivity due to the jQuery-UI
and plugins that are implemented throughout the web pages.

- jQuery-UI and plugins
    - accordion is used two times
         The accordion is used in the 'book and appointment' webpage to allow the users to view
         the policies that Sandra requires before booking an appointment. The accordion is
         automatically opened and the users can then click on the other panel to get it open.
         The second accordion is used in the Q&A webpage, at the bottom there are a series of
         questions, and the answers are displayed when the user clicks on them.
    - image carousel
        The image carousel is used in the nail inspiration webpage, the carousel automatically
        changes. The use of the carousel is to allow the user to view potential nail designs that
        Sandra could do. The users can also use the images as inspiration for what they would like
        their nails to look like when they have an appointment.
    - fade-in-fade-out of the login form
        The fade in and out of the login form is implemented in the home and Q&A webpages,
        this special feature allows the user's attention to be brought to the login form. This is
        used to make sure that the user is aware they can log in or sign up to the webpage and keep
        up with all of Sandra's work.


    The feedback that I received was centered around my images, they were too big and were in an
awkward position. I changed my images from being centered and in their original width and height,
to being centered to the left and shrieked down to a reasonable size that does not bother the user
while they are trying to navigate the website.

    I believe that my website will meet the needs of my client Sandra because she wanted a website
that allowed her clients to view her policies and get to know her better, this website also allows
her clients to book an appointment. Overall I believe that Sandra will be happy with the website
because it is interactive with the users and it allows Sandra to have all her information in one
place.